Welcome back.
Let's do a quick exercise before we actually create our own stacks and Qs because javascript doesn't
have its own stock or cues data structure.
Now I mentioned that there's two ways that we can build stacks and Qs.
If we talk about stacks we can think of it as our browser history.
Let's say we visit Google first then we visit you Dammy dot com and then we visit let's say YouTube
in a stack because Google was the first item.
It would actually be placed on the stack like this.
Then we go to you Dammy so we'd be placed on the stack on top and then we go to YouTube.
Now if we want to go to a new website let's say we go to Twitter but then we decided no no no that's
not what I want to do.
I want to go back well we remove Twitter press backburn on our browser and we get to YouTube if we press
back again.
We get to Dammy and then back again we go back to Google so Stax has a top and a bottom and we can build
it with either array's or linked lists.
My question to you is why would we want to build stacks with arrays that is will create a class of stacks
that has the data being held in arrays versus using linked lists and vice versa.
Think about that.
What about.
Let's say we have a Q I'm creating a waitlist app and and here we have a couple of people that want
to get on the waitlist.
The first person that shows up is Tim.
And then after Tim or you know what.
Let's use our names let's use Matt and then Matt shows up.
But all of a sudden joy comes and lines up and then perhaps we have something that comes and waits in
line and then we have Pavol.
In this case we want Matt to be first then Joy and sumir then Powell and with cues we can once again
use our race and length lists to implement it.
Which one do you think will be better for us.
Is there one better or are they both equal.
I want you to think about this in the next video.
I'm going to answer this for you but I recommend taking time to think about what you know about arrays
and linked lists and how they might benefit or might not benefit.
Stacks and Qs.
I'll see in the next video.